OADP-3788: Adding that IBM Cloud Object Storage S3 is supported (#73981)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-dpa-1-3.adoc

<7> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<8> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<9> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.

> <10> Specify whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects. Required only for {ibm-cloud-name} Object Storage S3.

Author: ```suggestion
<10> Specify whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects (Boolean). Required only for {ibm-cloud-name} Object Storage S3.
```

> <10> Specify whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects (Boolean). Required only for {ibm-cloud-name} Object Storage S3.

Author: ```suggestion
<10> Specify whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects (Boolean). Not Required for AWS S3. Required only for S3 compatible storage .
```

> <10> Specify whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects (Boolean). Not Required for AWS S3. Required only for S3 compatible storage .

Author: ```suggestion
<10> Specify whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects (Boolean). Not Required for AWS S3. Required only for S3 compatible storage.
```

> <11> Specify the URL of the object store that you are using to store backups. Required only for {ibm-cloud-name} Object Storage S3.

Author: ```suggestion
<11> Specify the URL of the object store that you are using to store backups. Not required for AWS S3. Required only for S3 compatible storage.
```
